it's October the 31st Halloween morning
and the weather's taken a dramatic turn
for the worse
it's not a good day to be outside but
there's no let-up for Wade and his men
who found themselves quite literally out
of their day winter seems to be well and
truly on its way but this snow is wet
and sticky making work very difficult
they've darted a polar bear which has
run into the forest somehow they have to
find a way to get this enormous animal
out of there
they'll have to race against the clock
the tranquilizer will wear off in four
hours and way doesn't want to give the
bear a second shot
they're on one guy in your site and see
all we budget
pump it come easier
we need some cold weather boys this is
crazy
he's a big bear 700 pounds maybe if he
was fast he'd be very large but he's an
old timer
few of churchill's visitors are aware of
Wade's efforts to keep polar bears out
of town